The intelligent lifeforms on this planet are comparable to the humans of the bronze age, except that they are already more inclined to try to explain the mysteries of their world. Unfortunately they are quite violent, so they tend to live in smaller communities which they will protect at all costs. There are no signs of teamwork between the different communities, which would've been of benefit to them. This could lead to interesting developments in language and customs, but only time will tell how this will turn out.
While the intelligent lifeforms on this planet aren't technologically advanced and it's still a uncertain what they know or think they know about the universe, they are quite advanced nonetheless. Their current stage can be compared roughly to that of the late ancient Egyptians, but only in terms of progress. Their societies are completely different, as they tend to live in harmony with one another. This is mostly due to the species lack of strong emotions, which has developed over millions of years without a real natural enemy, besides diseases.
The higher sentient beings on this planet can be compared to the humans in the middle ages. Violent, unsanitary and fairly ignorant towards the mysteries of life. However, their technology has advanced beyond what humans were capable of in the middle ages. These beings are already capable of basic flight through the means of gliders. They're also in the process of inventing explosives and crude engines, though they're quite different from anything we've created on Earth.
This planet's intelligent lifeforms are capable of technological feats far beyond what humans have achieved so far. These higher species have managed to colonize several planets, the last few of which they've managed to terra form. Unfortunately for them they have yet to find other intelligent life in the universe, but with their hundreds of space missions the odds are certainly in their favor.
War is something that has been part of human history since its dawn and while humans aren't the only species who engage in war, they are by far the most skilled in it. This planet is no different. The higher intelligence of these sentient species has unfortunately lead to almost nothing but war. Fortunately they aren't as technologically advanced as humans yet, they're in a stage comparable to that of the middle ages, so while they are destructive, their planet isn't at risk of being completely destroyed. However, these creatures do fight with a lot of destructive force, often using poisons and diseases to kill their enemies.
Finding higher forms of intelligence on other planets is something we as humans have dreamt of for ages, both for better and worse. The higher species on this planet are no different, in fact, these species are far more dedicated to it than humans are currently. Of course, the fact that these species have superior technology and a more peaceful society greatly benefits in their goals. Numerous space missions, both manned and unmanned, hundreds of space observation centers and hundreds of thousands of scientists and other professionals are the main force behind the goal to find other life in their galaxy and the universe. While they have discovered a fair deal of life, none of them are intelligent enough to even try to begin communications with.
When we think of higher intelligence on other planets we often think of technologically advanced species in a world far beyond that of ours. Unfortunately, this planet is nothing like that. The intelligent species on this planet, though intelligent, aren't much more advanced than humans were during the late stone age. While they do have a language, they have yet to create a written version of it, which makes potential communications between them and other alien species a bigger challenge. These species do show a great interest in space, they adore and often worship the night sky, many of them even make crude drawings of constellations, the surrounding planets and their moons.
Galactic and intergalactic empires are a big part of human sci-fi, many of these empires are often either evil or a coalition between different species. However, this planet is home to the rules of a true intergalactic empire. But they wouldn't call themselves rulers. Guardians is a more fitting term. These species have advanced far beyond anything humans would be capable of in the next few centuries, if not millennia. They have traveled to all the nearby planets containing any form of life and made sure it was protected, aided and sometimes even altered for their benefit. They've even terra formed planets without life. While most of this was done to study species, their evolution and the possibilities of their own technology, this has also lead to biological breakthroughs ranging from cures for diseases to altering and enhancing their own DNA.
Evil alien species who wish to destroy the universe are a common theme in sci-fi movies. However, it turns out it's not that far from reality. The species on this planet are what we'd consider truly evil. Their superior technology has been the end of many species, both on their own planet and others. Having virtually destroyed most life their own planet, these hostile creatures now search the universe for resources they can use on their home-planet. No other species has had the capabilities to stand in their way, yet.
If we as humans found intelligent life today, they would most likely be either millennia ahead of us or way behind us in terms of technology. Oddly enough, the higher species on this planet are somewhat equal to us. Our technology is of course very different from theirs, that's to be expected on a different planet, but our technologies are roughly capable of the same feats. However, cultural differences did lead to a few major differences. These species are far more advanced in cleaner energies, but humans are far more advanced in war machines, something which advanced a lot due to necessity, as well as space engineering and flight. If these two worlds were to meet peacefully, we'd certainly be able to learn a lot from each other.
While the higher species of this planet have yet to enter space, their mastery of flight is commendable. These creatures are almost obsessed with flying and have invented hundreds, if not thousands of different vehicles that allow them to get from A to B by flying. They're less interested in space however, as flying is far less exciting when you don't have to worry about gravity.
Necessity is the mother of invention and that's exactly why the higher species on this planet have highly advanced technology. Their planet has been under constant threat of natural disaster, but from their own planet as well as from space. This has resulted in strong weapons, nature controlling technology and planet defense mechanisms. While the natural disasters have lead to a lot of grief, it's fortunate they evolved their technology at such a rapid pace or else they wouldn't have been able to defend themselves against an alien threat.
With the technology equivalent of the middle ages and the ambition equivalent of Ancient Rome, the higher species on this planet are fascinating to watch and study. While violent towards different groups, each region on this planet is rule by a well organized empire which takes care of its own. The hostility is mostly due to the hostile environment they live in. Dangerous wildlife and a lack of resources mean you have to stick together to survive. If only they would all work together for the survival of everybody, who knows what they'd be able to accomplish.
