The only thing coming close to animals on the planet are the many species of microorganisms found on pretty much every surface of this planet. While they may not provide a spectacular sight for the eyes, they do show promises of higher forms of life being possible on this planet. Only time will tell what they might evolve into.
While most animal-like organisms on this planet are nothing more than bacteria and other microbes, a few species have already evolved into crude forms of insects. While they still lack many of the specialized characteristics you'd find on plenty of Earth's insects, they do show the first steps to such specialized creatures.
Bacteria and other microorganisms are, perhaps unfortunately, the only thing you'll find on this planet if you're looking for any type of animal or higher life form. But, while they don't provide you with amazing sights, they do have a potential wealth of information, all of which could most likely greatly benefit us.
A few dozen insect species are the only life forms on this planet visible with the naked eye, but microscopes will show there's a huge variety of bacteria and other microorganisms hiding in every nook and cranny. While the insects may be more appealing to study, it's the microorganisms that hold the most information and could even lead to potential scientific breakthroughs in many different fields.
As expected, the only life forms coming close to being animals are the millions of microorganisms found pretty much everywhere. They could provide us with many answers to both how life was created on this planet and thus how life could be created on other planets.
The conditions on this planet have unfortunately only given birth to microorganisms. While many do show great promise of evolving into higher species, it will still take thousands of years before we'll even be able to see the very first baby steps of evolution into new species.
In terms of animals, microbes make up almost all of the lifeforms on this planet. But there are a few lifeforms which have and are evolving. While they're currently nothing more than the very basic forms of insects and fish, one day they may lead to the varied life like we now on Earth.
With the exception of a few very basic insect and fish species, this planet is only home to countless microbe species. But while they may not be far into the evolutionary line, they do provide us with potential answers to the creation of this planet. The few insects and fish species show some slight forms of evolution, but they have a long way to go before they look like anything we've seen on Earth.
This planet may not be home to any animals, it is filled with microbes. Many of these species are very basic and something you'd expect on a young planet. Others have evolved a little more, but have yet to reach a stage in which they could potentially evolve into higher organisms.
A young planet such as this is of course not expected to be home to any animals, but you would expect microorganisms, which there are plenty of in this world. Millions of bacteria and other microbes have found their home, many of which have evolved to specialize in specific tasks. These specialized creatures will hopefully one day evolve into higher species, but it will take time.
While not as exciting as the animals we know on earth, this planet is home to a wide variety of insects, fish, reptiles and amphibians. While none of them have higher brain functions besides the basic needs to survive, they do show a wonderful insight into how this planet and planets in general give birth to life.
You will not find any intelligent life forms on this planet, but that doesn't take anything away from the astonishing beauty of the life forms it does have. Insects, reptiles, amphibians, fish and even the first baby steps to mammals can be found on this planet. The insects have evolved the most out of these species, but the amphibians have evolved into the most varied and surprising species.
Intelligent life is non-existent on this planet, but you will not find a planet with a more varied, beautiful and astonishing life of insects and amphibians. The planet is ruled by these species and due to the fortunate conditions on this planet, many of them are huge.
Just like the dinosaurs ruled Earth, fish and insects rule this planet. They may be nowhere near the size of dinosaurs, the fish and insect species of this planet are numerous. Remarkably, no other type of animal can be found on this planet, with the exception of microbes of course. The fish and insects are all highly specialized works of evolution, but only time will tell if they will stay this way.
Reptiles, amphibians and insects can be found all over this planet. One more beautiful than the next. Mammals are non-existent, but many of the reptiles do show early signs of taking the very first evolutionary steps into mammals. One can only wonder what they'll evolve into.
Mammals are non-existent on this planet, let alone intelligent life, but there are plenty of insects, amphibians and fish. None of them are very advanced, but they have at least evolved beyond microbes and other smaller organisms. The vast majority of the species on this planet are reptiles, many of which only show signs of becoming higher reptile species and not mammals. So only time will tell if this planet will give birth to intelligent, reptilian life forms.
Insects, insects and more insects. That's what you'll find on this planet in terms of animal life. There are a few dozen fish species, but everything else is either a microbe or an insect. However, the insects on this planet are gorgeous and thanks to the right conditions, most of the insects are enormous.
Amphibians are the rulers of this planet. While none of them are sentient, their shapes, sizes and ways of life makes them interesting nonetheless. Many of them are colorful, much like the chameleon's of Earth, but their sizes are close to that of the smaller dinosaurs. They share this planet with plenty of insects and fish, but the amphibians are far more numerous and advanced than the other species.
Fish and amphibians species are numerous on this planet, both of which are heavily supported by the high insect populations and it is these insects who are the most interesting. They're the one responsible for the abundance of life, they're food for the bigger species, while also the pollinators for many of the plant-like organisms. Their roles in this world have given birth to a huge variety of specialized insects, each with their unique colors, shapes and sizes.
The creatures on this planet may not be intelligent or even sentient, they truly are amazing to look at. Many of them seem very light and vulnerable, they could be best described as land-jellyfish, but even then you don't really do them justice. These species are all insects, but they look nothing like we're used to on Earth. But while this planet's unique properties have given birth to a wide variety of these unique species, there are plenty of insects which look more familiar and like something we'd expect to find on Earth.
