Unfortunately the conditions on this planet make it impossible to sustain life, which is a shame as it's in a good enough position to do so. Perhaps in a few million years the conditions will have bettered, but un the mean time we can only appreciate it's violent beauty.
Obviously this planet cannot sustain life, the conditions on this planet are far too violent and it changes too often. Perhaps when things have calmed down in a few million years life will begin to appear, but right now we can only study this young planet for more information about how planets are formed.
Although relatively calm, the conditions on this planet are still too extreme to sustain life and it's still uncertain whether it will ever be able to do so. However, its extreme conditions are beautiful in their own way.
The explosive nature of this planet makes it impossible to sustain any life forms. The volcanic eruptions are too devastating and the conditions on this planet change too drastically during its orbit. Perhaps once it has calmed down, life might be possible, but the chances are slim.
Extreme weather conditions and violent tectonic plate movement make this planet unsuitable for any life. But this planet is still fairly young, so perhaps once it has aged and calmed down a bit, life might find its way to this world.
Sustaining life on its own isn't something this planet will be capable of in the near future, but the conditions are good enough to allow terra forming and the planet is rich in resources, which could make it perfect for a mining colony.
Terra forming may be the only way to ever bring life to this planet. The current conditions are far too extreme for most lifeforms, but with the right technologies, life could be introduced. The planet also has plenty of resources to allow for these construction to be done on the planet.
With conditions as extreme as these, the chances of sustaining life on this planet are virtually none-existent. Even if the planet has calmed down after millions of years, it would probably still take terra forming to introduce any form of life.
This planet currently has no lifeforms on it, but the conditions are currently good enough to allow for at least terra forming. But perhaps without any help, this planet might too be home to new life. We'd just have to wait and see.
The only way this planet will ever be home to life is if an advanced species introduces it through terra forming. The conditions are currently far too extreme to allow for life to sprout on its own, but even if the conditions were milder, the chances of life sprouting are still slim to none.
While this planet currently holds no lifeforms, it may very well do so in the future. The conditions are near perfect, all it takes now is the right trigger and plenty of time. Perhaps an advanced species could help set things in motion.
The conditions on this planet may not be ideal, they're good enough to sustain life. Unfortunately it has yet to do so, but the future of this planet is very promising. If nothing else, it would be perfect as a new home for an advanced species.
Barren, empty and cruel. This planet isn't the most ideal place for life, but there are plenty of examples similar to this planet which do sustain life. Only time will tell if this planet is a future home to new lifeforms.
Life is still non-existent on this planet, but the conditions are just right for it. Under the right circumstances or if the right microorganisms are introduced into this world, life will most certainly flourish in a few million years.
Surprisingly, life hasn't managed to find its way on this planet. The conditions are perfect however, so all it takes now is time and the right trigger. Once life does find its way here, it would certainly flourish and hopefully give birth to spectacular species.
Life is obviously impossible on this planet and will always be impossible. The conditions are too violent, there are no places life could be created and anything that reaches the planet is destroyed in its violence. A violence that is strangely beautiful, yet eerily frightening.
Beautiful as this planet may be, life will of course never be possible here. But in terms of research, this planet has plenty of secrets and answers ready to be discovered. If nothing else, this planet at least makes for a gorgeous sight in the night skies of the planets around it.
The violent nature of this planet is so devastating it might one day mean the end of the moons and planets around it. Not only is life impossible on this planet or around it, it could very well be the end of any chance of life in this solar system.
While life will never be possible on this planet, it does offer a unique sight in the night sky of nearby planets. Its colors and distance to the planets around it occasionally makes the night quite magical on those planets, especially those with an atmosphere.
It's obvious life on this planet is impossible, but the planet does hold the key to whether or not life will exist on the planets around it. This planet shields some of the other planets from an asteroid field which crosses every few decades. When this happens, small pieces are scattered through this solar system, but the vast majority are caught by this planet. Those pieces that do get scattered are usually not big enough to destroy the other planets, while at the same time potentially holding the right materials or even lifeforms to begin the process of life on those other planets.
Resources are pretty much the only thing this planet is good for. Life will most likely never be sustained due to the harsh conditions and terra forming would be very difficult. But for any alien species advanced enough to mine other planets, this one would be a perfect choice.
For any species looking to build a new home planet or mine its resources, this planet is a perfect choice. While it currently holds no lifeforms, life is certainly possible and the high amounts of precious resources make it the ideal place for many technological needs.
This planet may be devoid of life, but there's an abundance of resources, many of which are usually quite rare on many other planets. Life is certainly possible on this planet, as the conditions are just right, so this planet is a prime location for any species looking for a new home or for a place to gather resources.
Although extremely violent, this planet holds many resources which could be of the utmost importance to some species. With the right technology, battling the elements on this planet shouldn't be too much of a challenge.
