This planet is home to a huge variety of animals, mostly related to reptiles, birds and fish. However, the most advanced species are birds, some of which have become sentient. Their behavior is remarkable and fascinating to study, most of them are unlike anything we've seen on Earth. Whole communities of birds can be found throughout the planet, many of which have evolved into completely separate species.
By far the most interesting animals on this planet are the aquatic mammals. They may not be as majestic as the birds or as fierce as some of the land mammals, but they are the only species who have a sentient member. This member of the aquatic species is roughly comparable to a mixture of seals and squids. They form huge colonies and actively take care of each other. They even build makeshift homes out of the available materials on the sea floors.
Like Earth, this planet is home to many sentient mammals, both land and aquatic. However, the land mammals are far more advanced. What's perhaps most peculiar is that on this planet ape-like creatures seem to be the most intelligent. While the differences between this plant and Earth are vast, the similarities are astonishing and perhaps a bit frightening.
This planet is home to many sentient creatures. The bird, reptile and amphibian kingdoms have the most sentient species, but the mammals and fish have their fair share as well. However, a few of the amphibian species appear to be the most advanced of all. They live in what can only be described as small communities in town-like constructions. They may lack the intelligence humans have, but their ingenuity is still very surprising.
Hidden in the depths of this planet's oceans are a species of sentient creatures who made their home in the most hostile environments imaginable. These creatures look like a cross between jellyfish and giant squids, but have the intelligence comparable to that of dolphins. These intelligent creatures are surrounded by a plethora of fish, crustaceans and other aquatic creatures unseen on Earth. In contrast to this aquatic world, the surface world is relatively dull. Amphibians 1and insects rule this world, but while they may not be anywhere near as interesting as the sentient creatures of the depth, they did evolve in remarkable ways.
Many of the creatures on this planet have evolved into gliders, so to speak. Most of the fish and aquatic mammals, despite coming in various shapes and sizes, tend to glide through the water without effort, similar to how manta's glide on Earth. However, the surface species are more astonishing. Similar to the flying squirrels or the vultures of Earth, many of the species on this planet have developed ways to effortlessly move from one place to another by using the winds. But there is one species which shows signs of sentience. These species, a type of bird, love to play and have become masters of flight. Similar to how dolphins play, explore and learn, these species use their intellect and courage to play and sometimes challenge each other to death defying tricks.
Sentient life is rare in the universe, but this planet has plenty of it. Birds, reptiles, mammals and even fish. Not all of them as intelligent as some of them of course, but sentient nonetheless. However, there's one species of fish which are particularly interesting. These fish have become masters of teamwork. They will use their surroundings to get rid of predators, but they will sometimes do so by killing that predator for food. While most fish, especially those on Earth, have specific ways to flee from or intimidate predators, these advanced species will think of the best ways to survive, based on their surroundings and sometimes even based on other species nearby. Their intelligence has lead to a huge population, but there are a few predators who are slowly learning new tricks.
This planet has an abundance of life in all shapes and sizes. Birds, reptiles, insects, fish, mammals, you name it. There are even a few dozen sentient species, most of them either reptilian or amphibian. However, the most remarkable species is only barely sentient. But it's not their sentience that makes them interesting. These large mammals have bark-like skin, comparable to the skin of an elephant but with the texture of a dragon's scale. These mammals are slow and docile, which they can afford to be with such armor, but their gentle nature causes moss, plants and other small organisms to grow on their skin. Some individuals look more like walking trees than a member of their own species and it has lead to unique micro-ecosystems.
There are plenty of odd creatures in the universe and this planet is no different. Amidst all the birds, mammals, fish and reptiles, a species of sentient snake-like creatures has emerged. While sentience isn't unique to these snakes on this planet, their methods of hunting prey are odd to say the least. The snakes on Earth have various, often horrifying ways to hunter and kill prey, but these snake-like creatures hunt in groups. Their teamwork is astonishing and at the same time terrifying. A single attack of a team of these monsters could easily wipe out most of a family of smaller creatures, but like many animals on Earth, these creatures make sure enough survive for the future.
Sentience is fairly common on Earth and on this planet too it's uncommon. However, on this planet most of the sentient species are insect-like creatures. The most remarkable creature can best be described as a large, winged spider. About the size of a pigeon, these 'spiders' are capable of flight, just like many insects. They aren't capable of creating webs however, but they do catch prey with sticky constructions. They're saliva is very sticky and is usually applied to a branch or large leaf, ready for an unsuspecting prey to land on. The 'spider' will usually cover several spots in a tree before flying to a higher position where it waits. These 'spiders' possess more intelligence than meets the eye though. They sometimes work together to scare prey towards regions with a lot of prepared sticky patches, often ending in a feast for these 'spiders'.
