A group of {{classes}} steal some gems from the local lord, the lord is offering 500gp and a minor magical item as payment for either disposing of the robbers, or bringing them back live.
A dragon flies into the town and demands {{tributes}}
The tomb of an old wizard has been discovered, and there is rumored to be many groups of NPC's who are intending to raid the tomb for booty.
Wealthy merchants are being killed in their homes, the local merchants remaining have banned together to create a 1000gp reward for finding and bringing the murderer(s) to swift justice.
The statue in the town square is found to be a petrified paladin, (Some good rewards might be bestowed for restoring the paladin back to life)
A caravan of important goods is about to leave for a trip through a dangerous area, there is a reward of 100gp per person to escort the caravan
Cultists are kidnapping {{kidnapped}} as potential sacrifices
Golins riding spider eaters have been attacking the outskirts of a town
Local bandits have joined forces with a tribe of bugbears, and are attacking any merchant wagons and travelers going to and from the town, there is a reward of 500gp for bringing in the bandits and destroying the bugbears. 
A blackguard is organizing monsters in the area
A gate to the lower planes threatens to bring more demons to the world, a powerful wizard died creating the gate, now creatures just seep into this world at random intervals until someone can stop them.
Miners have accidentally released something awful that once was buried deep.
A wizards guild challenges the ruling council
Racial tensions rise between 2 races in the town, causing some crime and perhaps murders.
A mysterious fog swells over the region and persists, ghosts have been seen swimming through the fog, terrorizing and aging people.  There will be a sizeable reward for finding a way to rid the region of the fog and ghosts.
The holy symbol of a high priest is missing, there is a reward of 1 minor magical item, as well as the priests favor.
An evil wizard has developed a new and deadly golem, the golem managed to rebel against his owner and is now wreaking havok an all it runs across
An evil psionicist has recently made slaves of an entire nearby village, he has threatened to cause major harm to the townspeople if he is not payed a tribute.
Recently a local citizen of the town was infected with lycanthropy and has been on a killing rampage.
Slavers have been raiding the local community, a victim's mother has been captured and he is offering 100gp as reward for her safe return.
A fire elemental has escaped from a wizards lab and is hiding in the town or region, this elemental appears to be very cunning and the wizard is employing help in capturing or destroying it.
Bugbears are demanding a toll at a pass, they have killed the local guards who have tried to defeat them.  
A mirror of opposition has created an evil duplicate of a well known and powerful hero.
Two orc tribes wage war in the region, the town is in the middle, and suffers from orc battles, and demands for provisioning.
New construction reveals a previously unknown underground tomb
A nearby kingdom launches an invasion, they are trying to take over and control the region
Two well known heroes have met in town and are involved in a deadly match, the side effects of their battle is leaving the town scarred and citizens injured or killed.
An ancient sword must be recovered to defeat a ravaging monster in the area.
A prophecy foretells of coming doom unless an artifact can be recovered
Ogres kidnap the local lords daughter, the lord will pay 1000gp plus a minor magical item as reward for her safe return.
A wizard is bured in a trap filled tomb beneath the town, all of her magical items are buried with her.  
An enchanter is compelling others to steal for him 
A shapechanged mindflayer is gathering mentally controlled servitors.
An enchanter is turning all of the towns available women into his personal slaves, nearly 60% of the towns females are already his cohorts.
A plague brought by wererats threatens a community
The keys to disarming all the magical traps in a wizards tower have gone missing, the tower contains the last formulae for a potion to cure a local disease.
Sahuagin are being driven out of the sea to attack coastal villages
A wizard needs a particularly rare spell component found only in the deep forest.
A map showing the location of an ancient magic forge is discovered.
Various monsters have long preyed upon people from within the sewers of a major city.
An emissary going into a hostile kingdom needs an escort.
Vampires are preying on a small town.
A haunted tower is reputed to be filled with treasure.
Barbarians begin tearing up a village in a violent rage.
Giants steal cattle from local farmers, it is later found out these giants are not necessarily evil, just desperate for food.
Unexplained snowstorms bring winter wolves into an otherwise peaceful area.
A lonely mountain pass is guarded by a powerful sphinx denying all passage.
Evil mercenaries begin constructing a fortress not far from a community.
An antidote to a magic poison must be found before the local lord dies.
A druid needs help defending her grove against goblins.
An ancient curse is turning innocent people into murderers.
Gargoyles are killing giant eagles in the mountains.
Mysterious merchants sell faulty magic items in town and then attempt to slink away.
A recently recovered artifact causes arcane spellcasters powers to go awry.
An evil noble puts a price on a good nobles head.
Adventureres exploring a dungeon have not returned within a week.
The funeral for a good fighter is disrupted by enemies he made while alive.
Colossal vermin are straying out of the desert to attack settlements.
An evil tyrant outlaws nonofficially sanctioned magic use.
A huge dire wolf, apparently immune to magic, is organizing the wolfes in the woods.
A community of gnomes builds a flying ship, that crashes into a town.  The town believes that the gnomes are dieties gone astray, and the gnomes are living the fat life.
An island at the center of the lake is actually the top of a strange, submerged fortress.
Buried below the tree of the world lies the master clock of time.
A child wanders into a vast necropolis, and dusk approaches quickly.
All the dwarves in an underground city have dissappeared
A strange green smoke billows out of a cave near a mysterious ruin.
Mysterious groaning sounds come from a haunted wood at night.
{{classes}} steal a great treasure and fell into Mordenkainen's magnificent mansion
A sorcerer attempts to travel ethereally bt disappears completely in the process.
A paladin's quest for atonement leads her to a troll lair too well defended for her to tackle alone.
A kingdom known for its wizards prepares for war. 
The high priest is an illusion
A new noble seeks to clear a pach of wilderness of all monsters
A bulette is tearing apart viable farmland, and killing cattle in the process.
An infestation of stirges drive yuan-ti closer to civilized lands.
Treants in the woods are threatened bya huge fire of mysterious origin
Clerics who have resurrected a long-dead hero discover she is not who they thought
A sorrowful bard tells a tale of his imprisoned companions.
Evil nobles create an adventurer's guild to monitor and control adventurers.
A halfling caravan must pass through an ankheg infested wilderness.
All of the doors in the lords manor are suddenly arcane locked or fire trapped.
An innocent man about to be hanged, pleads for someone to help him.
The tomb of a powerful wizard, filled with magical items, has sunk into the swamp.
Someone is sabotaging wagonas and carts to come apart when they travel at high speed.
A certain type of frog, found only in an isolated valley now infest the town like a plague.
A jealous rival threatens to stop a well attended wedding
A woman who mysteriously vanished years ago is seen walking on the surface of alake.
An earthquake uncovers a previously unknown dungeon.
A wronged half-elf needs a champion to fight for her in a gladitorial trial.
At the eye of the storm that tears across the land lies a floating citidel
People grow suspicious of half orc merchants peddling gold dragon parts in the market.
An absent minded wizard lets her rod of wander fall into the wrong hands.
Undead shadows vex a large library, especially an old storeroom long left undistrubed.
The door into an abandoned house in the middle of town turns out to be a magic portal.
Barge pirates make a deal with a covey of hags and exact a high toll to use the river
Two parts of a magic item are in the hands of bitter enemies; the third piece is lost.
A clutch of wyverns is preying upon sheep as well as shepherds.
Evil clerics gather in secret to summon a monstrous god to the world.
A major city faces a siege by a force of humans, duergar, and gnolls.
A huge gemstone supposedly lies within an ancient ruined monastery.
Lizardfolk riding dragon turtles sell their services as mercenaries to the highest bidder.
You approach a sailor at the wharf and ask him of any ways to earn a quick fortune.  “So you seek to find wealth do you? I have herd of a city that fell below the waves a hundred or so years ago but that is impossible to reach but with treasures of untold value.”  “What’s that you say noting is impossible, well it lies beneath the waves about twenty leagues out of the harbor. I don’t think that any captain will take you there right now.”
The PCs’ have been arrested for a crime they didn’t commit. They now must escape their prison and bring the culprits to justice. All of their gear has been taken and they must recover it as well. With what resources they have they must make their way out without being killed.
During the construction of a new well a system of passages was discovered. The city is willing to pay good money for anyone who will explore them a party has already left and have yet to come back.
Exploring a sea cave you find a pirates hideout. The same pirates that have been attacking the merchant ships leaving the harbor.
On the road out of the city a merchant caravan has been totally destroyed. No survivors are found. Days latter on the road you find the site large encampment that was just recently moved out.
A barbarian named Rolf Fabre, will be looking for a group of heroes, to go help him save his tribe.  His princess Waxiya Wolfheart is in the grasp of Raoul Daggermind, who has managed to setup Rolf, and force him to be exiled.  Raoul now has control over the village, and has taken Waxiya’s hand for himself.  Rolf is a stubborn and strong hearted barbarian, and his love for Waxiya overcomes his sense of danger and pride.  Waxiya is under the control of Raoul, and is his slave (She serves him and while under influence is loyal to him).  34 barbarians living in the village are all loyal to Raoul, half are loyal due to power, the other half because they believed that the setup was true.  Raoul is a Barbarian / Psion who specializes in telepathy.  Determining his exact level and power, will be done at a later date.
The party will encounter a group of a dozen gnolls, who have a captured Girallon with them.  This girallon has had its spirit broken, so it does not put up fights anymore.  The gnolls are seen transporting the girallon westward.  They intend to breed the Girallon with a female they have captured.  (Their intentions are to train the girallon cubs to be loyal creatures.)
A small abandoned town is spotted in the distance, it turns out to be just a cluster (10) of buildings that are in various cases of ruin.  There is a gorgon who has made the territory its home, and it fiercely defends the territory.
A large hobgoblin group is transporting a group of human and elven slaves. The party manages to see the caravan making its way across the land. There will be around twenty hobgoblins guarding their cargo of about fourty slaves.
A sesheyan sorcerer is seeking a special herb used in a magical potion he is creating, the sorcerer will pay the party well if they are willing to travel into the hills, and excavate the herb, which is said to lie 4 feet under the ground and grows like a root.  This herb is very difficult to find and is actually poisonous to the touch, so the party must be careful in extracting it.
A handsome lord wishes to impress a farm girl he is infatuated with, in order to accomplish this he offers to pay the party very well to capture the girl and hide her in a prearranged place.  Then the lord will rescue the girl, and she will fall in love with him.  The party can never be seen by the girl again, so there will be a good reward so that the party would never return to town.
A preteen girl and boy have fallen in love with each other, due to their parents disapproval both have run away together.  The parents wish to hire the party to find and recover them.  They have both been seen running into a nearby forest.  The nymph resident of the forest took the children under her own protection, and has no intention of letting the party get the children without going through her.
A female sesheyan somehow became infatuated with a human warrior.  The human warrior has no intention of ever having relations with the woman, but leads her on and brags to his friends.  She suspects she is being led on and asks the party to investigate the matter.  When she learns that she was being toyed with, she will enact revenge by creating a love serum and slipping it to the guard.  
A killer stalks the streets.  The killer is a paladin who has been convinced by an imposter cleric that the murders will stop the results of a dire prophecy.  The imposter knows that this murder spree will fulfill the dark prophecy, not prevent it.
A foreign agent hires an evil dragon to prey on local livestock.  The agent hopes that local heroes will slay the dragon and that its sire, a great wyrm of legendary power, will descend in rage upon the land.
A madman hires the PCs to bring him a sphere of annihilation.  He has been collecting such items for eyars and plans on conjoining enough of them to rip apart the fabric of the universe.  The madman, an expert at controlling the spheres, plans to destroy the heroes using the sphere they bring him.
A wizard seeks spell components that he plans to use to transport his city to the Upper Planes, where it will live forever in peace.  A local warlord, whose armies will no longer fac eopposition once the wizard's city is gone, secretly inspired the idea.
A local wizard has established an academy and is hiring adventerers to uncover lost otmes for its libraries.  Unknown to all, the academy is the pet project of a mind flayer clan that hopes to attact learned, and tasty minds.
A vampire, tired of undeath, uses magic to switch bodies with a living woman.  The victim of this scheme, now undead and consumed with unimaginable hunger, is on a ravenous murder spree.  Regretting her actions but unable to herself, she begs to be returned to her own body.
A nemesis of the PCs has devised a nasty strategy, he leads several carrion crawlers into the PC's camp.  The paralyzing crawlers softun up the PC's for the main attack.
A frost wizard decides that all of the societies problems are caused by emotions, he begins replacing people in his homeland with simulcra as per the spell.
An advisor to the king uses illusions to convince the sovereign that his lost love is secretly being held captive by an ally, the advisor hopes to take the throne from the "Mad King" after he starts a war and alienates his supportors.
A woman seeks adventurers to confront an ancient evil.  What she doesn’t say is that the evil will be freed when tresspassers enter its lair.  The woman is a foreign agent who wants this misfortune to befall the land.
A conniving rogue has devised a means by which to bring down the PC's. With the help of a wizard, he crafts a set of cursed items, each of which is a replica of an object carried by one of the PC's.  One by one, he replaces each of the PC's valuable items with its cursed replica.
A madman, obsessed with studying the psychology behind fear, has created a golem to spread panic.  The madman follows his evil creating, observing as it terrorizes the local peasantry.
