Небольшая группа гоблинов ограбила местную лавку, люди считают, что они скрываются в канализации.  За их поимку назначили награду в 50зм.
Эльфийку обвинили в том, что она убила своего мужа, пока он спал. Она предлагает все, что у нее есть за доказательство ее невиновности.
Дети пропали, за их спасение назначена награда.
Ребенка местного лорда свалила сильная болезнь, его тело покрылось зелеными точками. Местный лорд ищет того, кто найдет лечение.
Местный бандит пытается выбить деньги с семьи, которая ему должна. Он обращается к ИП за помощью.
Женщина предлагает 100зм тому, кто вернет ее похищенного кота в целости и сохранности.
На местного мальчишку напала дикая собака, хотя собака и была убита, но семья мальчика предлагает 50зм партии если она избавит город от всех бродячих собак.
Слухи о таинственном летающем существе вызывает в городе панику, за  доказательство его существования назначена награда.
Небольшая кучка кобольдов волшебников поселилась на заброшенной ферме, они вызыват проблемы и вскоре могут стать опасными.
Воин орк напился и начал буянить в таверне, когда его попросили уйти он оглушил хозяина и убил его. Жена хозяина обещает 50зм за голову орка.
Городского лорда видели прогуливающимся по парку с парой молодых девушек, а на утро девушек обнаружили мертвыми. Лорда арестовали, но он предлагает партии 1000зм за доказательство своей невиновности.
Молодой и красивый волшебник случайно накладывает уродующее его заклинание, он предлагает 1 небольшой артефакт, если партия найдет специальную лечащую азь для него.
Партия лышит о недавно обнаруженном подземном логове, ходят слухи что там обитают кобольды и что там есть сокровища.
Сешей прилетает в город и вызывает восстание, город так напуган его внешностью что арестовуют его. Партии нужно доказать что сешей самый обычный путешественник и не несет опасности.
На улицах видели блуждающего зомби, утром местный лорд объявил награду в 100зм за упокоение нежити и и обнаружение причины его оживания.
Кузнец карлик потерял талант, он просит партию вернуть священный молот, который восстановит его умение.
Девушка халфлинг has become infatuated with an elven boy, they have been all over town enjoying each others company.  The mother of the elven boy offers 50gp for the PC's to break up this couple.
Кентавр wounded and dying, stumbles into town.  Before he dies he tells passerby's that a group of ogres attacked him and they were heading for the town.  The town offers 50gp per ogre head reward.
Человек accused of cheating at a local gambling game was found dead, a knife in his back.  The local law does not handle homicides well and employes the PC's for assistance.
Вор крысак escapes from prison and is on the run, there is a 100gp reward for his capture and live return to prison.
Монах was assaulted in the street by a local gang, after defeating the gang, but not killing them.  They wish the hire the PC's for 500gp to dispose of the monk.
Человек in the tavern got drunk and offended a passerby, the passerby glowed with power and the drunk flew back and crashed into the wall.  The town is afraid of this newcomer, and employ the PC to find out who and what he is.
Город recently elected what they thought was a noble lord, however he turned out to be quite indecent.  Every month he demands 10 virgin girls to be escorted to his manor where he gives them special company.  The town is at a loss, but have managed to come up with a sizable sum of money and offer it to the PC's to convince the lord to leave town.
Местный лорд has been acting strange lately, it is rumored that he has become possessed or is not himself.  The PC's are asked to investigate, what they will find is that the lord has developed multiple personalities.
Местный жрец has gone on a crusade, he believes his god delivered him a message to go out and slay the monsters around the town.  The rest of the priests in the temple offer the PC's a reward to find and return the cleric safely.
После weary day of travel at last reaching the city near nightfall you arrive at a tavern that you herd was relatively respectable from the watchmen at the gate. Inside the doors a near festival is going on. Dozens of people are singing and dancing as musicians are playing songs of victory. A young man comes up to you saying “Come, Travelers be merry the Baron of the has been overthrown.” The celebration is suddenly quashed when several soldiers bearing the Barons crest enter the tavern. Everything becomes suddenly silent no one to dares speak with the Barons men present. “Tavern keeper, under proclamation of the new Baron, we here by claim all of the horses in your stable, if any try to stop us the penalty is death,” the leading soldier proclaims. After the soldier leave, the celebration does not continue. “Travelers, please do something! We cannot survive under the rule of a new Baron. If you help us in our time of need you shall have whatever you desire,” says an aging man obviously of noble status. The crowd awaits the PCs answer.
Пока в таверне you here a rumor that a dwarven mine about two days march from where you are is looking for spelunkers to explore newly discovered caverns. The pay is very good 20 gp a day but few are interested because it is said that almost all of the previous spelunkers have died by being attacked from creatures from the underdark.
Местный тавернщик tired of halving to pay fines to the city for having fights in his tavern has hired the PC’s as bouncers. They are paid 5 Gp a week and are given free meals as long as they work there. While breaking up fights they have made enemies with the local street gang and now the are in serious danger.
Местная таверна has begun to smuggle in weapons for the peasants who plan on staging a full scale revolt before the harvest season ends. There are rumors going around that the king is planing on a full scale war with his nemesis his brother. As the king turns his back on the peasants they prepare to overthrow his tyrannous rule. 
В местной таверне rumors abound that a dragon has been seen over the swamps to the south and has been killing livestock. The rumors are true and have caused the general public to panic. The local vassal is offering a fair reward and a feast-day in the honor of those that defeat the dragon.
Канализация под городом are facing infestation of vermin. A substantial reward will be given to those willing to go into the sewers and clear out the infestations. Rumors are circulating in the taverns that an intelligent force is behind these infestations.
