The PCs’ have gotten a corrupted noble arrested and put to death. His heirs are now after you using bounty hunters and assassins as well as their political power. They now have a large bounty on their heads and must find a way to rid themselves of it or live always one step ahead of those looking for them.
Rain pours down upon the travelers. Night it is approaching as light fades away gradually. It has been a difficult trek today across the forest. As the travelers begin to leave the forest and set camp have one of the players make a spot check (DC 22) to notice some smoke in the distance. If they investigate they find the charred remains of soldiers in a massive funeral pyre. A battle had just taken place here a couple of days before. It is obvious that thousands were involved. If the party keeps on searching they find a patrol of soldiers who have orders to kill anyone on site. The soldiers are well equipped and well trained in the finer points of battle. If the party succeeds in defeating them they find another patrol 2d4 hours latter. After defeating or avoiding the patrols the party comes across the camp of the main army. Hundreds of tents set up and dozens of guards with bows. If the players are fools and try to attack the encampment they will be overwhelmed and killed. It is odd that no other military forces are in the area. After several more days of searching and avoiding patrols the party comes across an obvious cavern in the hills. If they can get past the guards they find several hundred refuges fighting against the other soldiers. They have dealt serious damage to their enemy and in return have lost many. The refuges aren’t as eager to kill all travelers as the soldiers are but they will if the party refuses to join their cause.
After selecting an inn to spend the night at the party decides to test their luck at finding rumors of the church of Wee Jas mysterious involvement in the murders of merchants in the city. After making a few “friends” in the local tavern The Hulking Kobold the PC’s here a rumor that several clerics of Wee Jas raising dead from the necropolis for terrorizing the town. After the PC’s arrive at the necropolis it turns out to be a hoax designed to draw off anyone following the churches trail. While they investigate the necropolis the clerics make another murder, but this time by using poison, not the trademark of a cleric. The following night a mysterious robed figure enters the city. The robed figure got into the city without even being questioned by the watchmen no doubt through magic most think. He does not talk to anyone even if confronted. He is also not interested in a fight so runs at the first chance. The figure is in fact a Wizard. If the PC’s try to find out whom the wizard is they give the church another chance to strike so another merchant will die. This time it will be from some unknown cause. The church of Wee Jas is not behind these murders but are being blamed because they deal with death a lot and the city has not had many deaths lately. The actual people behind this plan to get the common people to hate the church is the work of Ian Kalth the wealthiest merchant in the area who is eliminating his rivals using the best assassins money can buy. If the PCs interfere they will soon become the assassins next targets. One way the PC’s could interfere is by trying to defend some of the remaining merchants.
The markets of (insert name of a city in your campaign world here) are always crowded with people as well as goods. It is an excellent day to prowl the markets, fair weather and a good temperature. After spending several hours seeing the goods for sale one of the players notices they are being followed. Not wanting to alert those tailing you that their on to them, you proceed with business as normal. You slip into a crowd of people and escape them at last. After leaving the market place you decide to set out to find a quality inn for the night. Without much difficulty you find one. The players sleep is interrupted, by a gloved hand over your mouth and a dagger at your t=VLOOKUP(RANDBETWEEN(1;100);classes;2)&" steal a great treasure and fell into Mordenkainen's magnificent mansion"hroat. It was the same person that was following you in the market. He takes you out to the back alley by the inn and you feel a sudden blow to the back of your head. You fall to the ground unconscious. The rest of the party awakes to find the player gone. There are few clues that anything happened at all aside from a slightly opened window and the unmade bed of the player. They must conduct an investigation of the city to find the player before the next full moon.
Mindflayers have begun to resettle the sunless city beneath a major city. During the night a few of them travel to the surface to attain slaves resulting in mysterious disappearances. The city council is already under the mindflayers control and helpless. No one realizes what is happening.
A strange plague is killing children but leaving adults unharmed in the west. In the midst of this two kingdoms wage a bitter war, that unless is stopped will lead to the elimination of an entire country. The plague is the work of Eleroth the Wizard who wishes a swift end to his brother the King of one of the fighting countries. Their hatred has been brewing for decades and now Eleroth has gotten tired of waiting.
A powerful merchants guild has discovered an ancient artifact that allows someone to see years into the future. They are using its powers to further their own agendas and in the process have let the artifact rule over them. The artifact is using the merchants to rebuild the empire, which createdit that has been destroyed for close to a millennia.
A planar rift has opened into a world that was once protected from planar travel by powerful magics that have been forgotten long ago resulting in a war between the great armies of the world and the creatures from the other planes. If this war is not stopped the barriers which kept it safe from other dimensions will be destroyed once and for all. The world will never again be the same.
Drow have been raiding small surface settlements for generations to further their military might and to prove that they are not just a legend. Yet a large opposing force of mindflayers threaten their homes and they have come to the surface dwellers for help in their time of need. After the mindflayer threat is neutralized they will proceed in their attacking of surface settlements and the surface dwellers know it, but they also know that leaving the mindflayers unchecked could lead to serious problems in the future.
Several kingdoms have been eradicated in a matter of days by a group of dragons united by some unknown but powerful figure. They now threaten the rest of the world and there is little anyone can do to stop them. In this dark time the dragons are moving closer to where the PCs’ are.
The king has finally lost his sanity and sent the army against peasants returning from their exile some three millennia that were banished by some long forgotten treaty. The soldiers refuse to fight the peasants and so a civil war has broken out and the king is loosing badly. As they fight between themselves other kingdoms see this as a chance to strike and so a major war is about to occur.
Market day takes an exceptional turn when a bidding war between wizards erupts into a magical duel.  While everyone is scrambling for cover, a spell engulfs the characters and a pushcart or two.  Stranded in an unknown land, ignorant of the local language, and perhaps missing some equipment, the group faces a rocky road.  The PC's will hope there is something good in those pushcarts.
The PC's awake in a large tower that stands alone amid a dreary marsh.They have amnesia yet retain skills, feats, spells and abilities- but no personal knowledge, not even of each other.  Suitable equipment for each PC is present, as are provisions for several months.  If they leave the  tower, they feel nauseous, and the farther they go the worse it gets. In the floor of the tower's lowest basement is a large and heavily barred trap door.
The characters are siblings or cousins who have received a bequest from their deceased grandmother to be shared between them.  Part of the beqwest is a marvelously detailed tapestry of an exotic castle.  The tapestry is a magical doorway through which they can come and go at will into the unknown kindom it depicts.
Oops, the PC's die!  This works best if you stage a climactic battle or sink their ship in a hurricane.  No matter how, they shuffle off this mortal coi.  Then, suddenly, still shivering from the icy touch of their deaths, they're alive again.  Wearing shrouds, they awake lying on marble slabs in a ruined temple.  Nearby, a bejeweled gold medallion glitters in the still-smoking charred remains of a dead being.
The PC's run afoul of a sorceress who turns her problems into decorative garden statuary.  Centuries later, their old enemy is long gone, and the manse now belongs to another mage.  His taste in statuary is different, and he reverses the spells because he has a mission for them:  Your services will pay for the spells I used to bring you back, he says, now get cracking and mind you dont leave any pigeon droppings on the rugs!.
It’s a quiet night at the tavern.  The PC's are almost alone in the common room.  Just as they lift tankards for a toast to auspicious beginnings, a  bright purple light floods the common room.  A hole in the air above their table loudly tears open, and howling kobolds in dark cowled robes wielding blackened silver knives begin jumping through.  They leap in three and four at a time until at least a score are present, all screaming and attacking everyone in sight.  Regardless of the outcome of the melee, the jagged hole in the air does not go away.  It conitnues to emit a glaring purple light, a strange spicy-smelling mist, and whatever else tickles the DM's fancy.
The PC's are prisoners chained together in a coffle and marching to a prison camp.  A surprise attack by an enraged grizzly bear distracts the guards and kills enough of them before it dies that the PC's can overpower the rest.  From overheard conversations, the group knows that the camp lies a few miles ahead.  There, many other prisoners are under light guard.  Do they dare to free the rest of the prisoners, or do they just run for the hills?
For reasons best left to the players to invent, their PC's are residents of the city jail awaiting the dispensation of justice when fate intervenes.  A severe earthquake shakes the building and collapses the walls of their cell and the jail.  Not only are they free, but the city as far more to worry about than a few escapees.  Fires have started, and looters are drifting through the shattered city.
The PC's beauty sleep is rudely interrupted when the roadside inn they'r staying at comes under sudden attack.  Raiders have set the inn afire and are slaughtering confused patrons as they stumble out.  Awakened by the  shouts, the PC's are surrounded by chaos and smoke, with sudden death waiting without.
Each PC, new to the city and unacuainted with the other PC's, jumps at a great deal on a fantastic magic item.  The problem is they've been conned by a slick operator and have all bought the same house.  The con man and  their money are gone when, on moving day, they all arrive with the legal copies of the deed to the house.  They must come to some agreement before the constabulary arrives, tipped off that the PC's were robbing the house.
Lured to an isolated ruin a day's journy from town by an anonymous note promising a lucarative job, the PC's find no one.  On the way back they spot a wanted poster for themselves!  While away, they were framed for a crime they did not commit, and now they have a price on their heads.
During a trip by stagecoach, the PC's and their fellow travelers are suddenly paralyzed.  Large apes appear and begin carrying off victims one by one.  When only the PCs remain, bright flashes and the sound of cobat comes from outside the coach.  The paralysis wears off, but there is no sign of the other travelers, the abductors, or their foes.
Invited to a friend's estate to celebrate her engagement, the PC's instead discover mayhem underway.  Their friend is dead, and her fiance is being pulled, kicking and screaming, through a magic portal by hulking humanoids.  Delayed by a rearguard, the group has just enough time to follow before the portal closes.  If they do, they exit at a lake over 20 leagues away, only to see the abductors aboard a boat already underway. Then the portal, the only way home, winks out of existence.
A tanar'ri ventures into a high technology universe to acquire a nuclear weapon.  Such technological devices do not work outside of their home plane, but this is not yet known.  The tanar'ri must be stopped, either on its way back to the abyss or in the high-tech universe itself.
The tarrasque has been devastating the countryside, but a planewalking "Tarrasque hunter" has recently opened a vast gate with which to whisk the creature away.  All the traveler needs are a few volunteers to lure the tarrasque into the portal.  The mad "hunter" is actually trying to destroy his home world, as the tarrasque will be deposited there.
