A small group of goblins have raided a local shop, they are thought to be hiding in the sewers.  There is a reward of 50gp for disposing of them.
An elven woman is accused of murdering her husband in his sleep, she is offering anything she has as a reward to help prove her innocence
Children have gone missing, there is a reward for their safe rescue.
The local lord's child has come down with a bad fever, green spots have appeared all over the childs body.  The local lord is seeking someone to find a cure.
A local thug is harrassing a family who cannot repay the debts they owe him.  He begs the PC's for assistance.
A woman offers 100gp for the safe return of her precious cat, which was catnapped.
A local boy is mauled by a wild dog, though the dog was killed, the boy's family is offering 50gp for the party to rid the town of all stray dogs.
A sighting of a flying creature has provoked some intrigue and fear in the town, there is a reward for finding proof of this mysterious creature.
A small pack of kobold sorcerers have taken residence in an abandoned farmhouse, they are causing trouble and may soon become dangerous.
An Orc warrior got drunk and became a tavern problem, when asked to leave, he thudded the tavern keeper and killed him.  The tavern keepers wife is offering 50gp for the Orcs head.
The town lord was seen strolling through the park with a pair of young women, but in the morning the women's bodies were found dead.  The lord is arrested, and is offering 1000gp for the party to prove his innocence.
A young and handsome wizard accidentally casts a spell that disfigures him, he is offering 1 minor magical item, for the party find a special curing salve to heal him.
The party hears of an underground lair recently discovered, there are rumors that kobolds nested there and that there may be treasure to plunder.
A sesheyan flies into town causing an uprising, the town is so scared by its appearance they arrest it.  The party is needed to prove the sesheyan is just a normal traveler and no danger.
A zombie was spotted walking through the streets, in the morning the local lord issued a reward of 100gp for putting the dead to rest and finding the cause of their unsettling.
A dwarven smith has lost his touch, he is asking the party to recover a sacred hammer that would restore his skill.
A halfling girl has become infatuated with an elven boy, they have been all over town enjoying each others company.  The mother of the elven boy offers 50gp for the PC's to break up this couple.
A centaur wounded and dying, stumbles into town.  Before he dies he tells passerby's that a group of ogres attacked him and they were heading for the town.  The town offers 50gp per ogre head reward.
A man accused of cheating at a local gambling game was found dead, a knife in his back.  The local law does not handle homicides well and employes the PC's for assistance.
A ratman rogue escapes from prison and is on the run, there is a 100gp reward for his capture and live return to prison.
A monk was assaulted in the street by a local gang, after defeating the gang, but not killing them.  They wish the hire the PC's for 500gp to dispose of the monk.
A man in the tavern got drunk and offended a passerby, the passerby glowed with power and the drunk flew back and crashed into the wall.  The town is afraid of this newcomer, and employ the PC to find out who and what he is.
The town recently elected what they thought was a noble lord, however he turned out to be quite indecent.  Every month he demands 10 virgin girls to be escorted to his manor where he gives them special company.  The town is at a loss, but have managed to come up with a sizable sum of money and offer it to the PC's to convince the lord to leave town.
A local lord has been acting strange lately, it is rumored that he has become possessed or is not himself.  The PC's are asked to investigate, what they will find is that the lord has developed multiple personalities.
A local cleric has gone on a crusade, he believes his god delivered him a message to go out and slay the monsters around the town.  The rest of the priests in the temple offer the PC's a reward to find and return the cleric safely.
After a weary day of travel at last reaching the city near nightfall you arrive at a tavern that you herd was relatively respectable from the watchmen at the gate. Inside the doors a near festival is going on. Dozens of people are singing and dancing as musicians are playing songs of victory. A young man comes up to you saying “Come, Travelers be merry the Baron of the has been overthrown.” The celebration is suddenly quashed when several soldiers bearing the Barons crest enter the tavern. Everything becomes suddenly silent no one to dares speak with the Barons men present. “Tavern keeper, under proclamation of the new Baron, we here by claim all of the horses in your stable, if any try to stop us the penalty is death,” the leading soldier proclaims. After the soldier leave, the celebration does not continue. “Travelers, please do something! We cannot survive under the rule of a new Baron. If you help us in our time of need you shall have whatever you desire,” says an aging man obviously of noble status. The crowd awaits the PCs answer.
While in a tavern you here a rumor that a dwarven mine about two days march from where you are is looking for spelunkers to explore newly discovered caverns. The pay is very good 20 gp a day but few are interested because it is said that almost all of the previous spelunkers have died by being attacked from creatures from the underdark.
The local tavern owner tired of halving to pay fines to the city for having fights in his tavern has hired the PC’s as bouncers. They are paid 5 Gp a week and are given free meals as long as they work there. While breaking up fights they have made enemies with the local street gang and now the are in serious danger.
The local tavern has begun to smuggle in weapons for the peasants who plan on staging a full scale revolt before the harvest season ends. There are rumors going around that the king is planing on a full scale war with his nemesis his brother. As the king turns his back on the peasants they prepare to overthrow his tyrannous rule. 
At the local tavern rumors abound that a dragon has been seen over the swamps to the south and has been killing livestock. The rumors are true and have caused the general public to panic. The local vassal is offering a fair reward and a feast-day in the honor of those that defeat the dragon.
The sewers underneath the city are facing infestation of vermin. A substantial reward will be given to those willing to go into the sewers and clear out the infestations. Rumors are circulating in the taverns that an intelligent force is behind these infestations.
